Maya Angelou (Poet and Activist): “Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better.”
Socrates (Philosopher): “The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.”
Oscar Wilde (Playwright and Poet): “Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.”
Isaac Asimov (Writer and Biochemist): “The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.”
George Bernard Shaw (Playwright): “Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.”
Leonardo da Vinci (Polymath): “Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.”
Voltaire (Philosopher): “Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.”
James Baldwin (Writer and Activist): “Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.”
Robert Downey Jr. (Actor): “Listen, smile, agree and than do whatever the fuck you were going to do anyway.”
Neil Degrasse Tyson (Astrophysicist): “We are stardust brought to life, then empowered by the universe to figure itself out — and we have only just begun.”
Heraclitus (Philosopher): “No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he’s not the same man.”
Richard Feynman (Physicist): “The first principle is that you must not fool yourself, and you are the easiest person to fool.”
Lao Tzu(Philosopher): "A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step."
Albert Einstein (Physicist): “In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.”
Isaac Asimov (Writer and Biochemist): “The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.”
Carl Sagan (Astronomer): “Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.”
Pablo Picasso (Painter): “Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up.”
Toni Morrison (Writer): “If there’s a book that you want to read, but it hasn’t been written yet, then you must write it.”
Mark Twain (Writer): “The secret of getting ahead is getting started.”
Eleanor Roosevelt (First Lady and Activist): “Do one thing every day that scares you.”
Nelson Mandela (Activist and President): “I never lose. I either win or learn.”
Oscar Wilde (Playwright and Poet): “I can resist everything except temptation.”
Dorothy Parker (Writer and Critic): “The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.”
Mae West (Actress and Writer): “You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.”
Calvin Trillin (Writer): “The most remarkable thing about my mother is that for thirty years, she served us nothing but leftovers. The original meal has never been found.”



